DAN: When the Vestals invaded New Vestroia and captured
all the Bakugan, they didn't count on Drago
and I returning to free our friends.
Time to get...
serious!
So we joined the Bakugan Battle Brawlers Resistance!
Together we have a chance to defeat the Vexos,
take back New Vestroia and save the Bakugan once and for all!
[battle squawk]
Let's go, Drago!
Bakugan... Brawl!
\u266a What are you going to do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Drago!
[intense running breathing]
[intense pain]
Drago!
Drago, speak to me.
Are you alright, pal?
DRAGO: Yes, Dan, I'm alright...
thanks to you.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Family Ties\".
DRAGO: Ancient Pyrus Warrior Apollonir, I am in your debt.
If you hadn't come back to save me
I may have been lost forever...
For that I thank you.
You are most welcome.
But I didn't return to save you, Drago.
I came to take you back.
What?
You are part of the Perfect Core, Drago.
So when you left New Vestroia's balance of power
was disrupted.
Even now the Dimension Controller's power increases.
Our world is on the brink of falling to the Vexos...
or worse.
Are you kidding me?
We busted our backs to destroy
the Alpha Dimension Controller for nothing? !
So we're starting all over.
WILDA: Drago, you can't stay here.
NEMUS: We must find a way back, quickly!
Agreed.
JULIE: And this time we're coming with you!
RUNO: That's right!
You're not ditching us here on Earth again!
Got it?
DRAGO: I... I... That's up to Dan!
RUNO AND JULIE: Mmmmm?
DAN: Of course you're coming!
We can't possibly lose with all of us on the team, right?
Not so fast, Dan...
This isn't a field trip.
I know that Drago...
But we need all the help we can get, you know?
MIRA: Wait!
What about Spectra?
We've got to do something about him?
We can't just let him run wild here on Earth.
Man, she's right.
DRAGO: That's what I was trying to tell you.
RUNO: I guess it is kinda dangerous.
Who knows what Spectra might do if we go.
JULIE: The farther away we can get from that creep,
the better.
I agree...
it would be weird bringing him back with us.
What will we do with him then?
NEMUS: Baron...
Perhaps we should think more strategically.
If we leave Spectra and his allies here, we will
only have three Vexos to defeat in New Vestroia:
Mylene, Volt and Shadow Prove.
This may be our best chance to win.
Then we can deal with Spectra.
DRAGO: Sound judgment.
DAN: Okay!
We got a plan so let's get moving!
Hit it, Apollonir!
APOLLONIR: Very well...
I will open the gate.
MIRA: Hold on!
DAN: Come on! What is it this time?
We coulda been there by now!
Sorry, Dan...
It's just you really should ask your parents....
My Dad doesn't care but your parents...
You know they worry about you.
RUNO: Dan...
Maybe Mira's right...
Your mom doesn't say it but...
It was really hard for her the last time you took off
to New Vestroia...
Same with my parents.
Runo's father freaks out when she's late for a shift.
This is way worse.
TATSUO: Who's going to wash the dishes?!
He is kinda dramatic...
But he knows that this is important so he should be okay.
Then it's settled.
We'll say our goodbyes to your families then meet up
here again in the morning.
Apollonir can take us back to New Vestroia.
Don't you think it's dangerous to meet back here?
Spectra knows this place.
He could come back.
DRAGO: Good point.
We can't let Spectra find out what we're up to.
JULIE: Why don't we meet at Batoru Tower?
MIRA: Where's that?
JULIE: Right there!
It's easy to find.
Okay, Julie...
Sounds good to me.
We should get here early, before it opens up for the day...
That way no one will be around to see us leave.
DAN: That's good thinking, Runo.
APOLLONIR: Fine.
Then I will wait for you there.
GUIDE: The first Batoru Tower was completely
destroyed in a battle with scary monsters known as Bakugan.
GUIDE: But city engineers rebuilt it.
Now who wants to see the Museum of Used Sneakers?
APOLLONIR: It is a good plan.
But I don't think we've heard the last of Spectra.
[music]
BOY: Mama!
SPECTRA: Losing the battle changes my plans.
SPECTRA: Things will be more difficult now that
Drago has returned to Dan Kuso.
SPECTRA: But we don't need him anymore.
That battle with Apollonir allowed me to record
all of Drago's data in my gauntlet.
SPECTRA: However, I can't do anything with it here.
GUS: Then I guess we'll have to find a way back
to New Vestroia.
SPECTRA: I have an idea.
GUS: I won't be sorry to go.
I want out.
I really do hate this place.
SPECTRA: Leave it to me.
GUS: What about that weasel, Lync?
SPECTRA: I'm tempted to leave him stranded
on this planet, but he may still be useful to us.
GUS: He's Prince Hydron's spy.
Maybe we can use that to our advantage.
GUS: When we're done with him I'll deal with Lync
personally.
SPECTRA: Don't worry, I have plans for our little traitor.
[evil laugh]
DR. MICHAEL: Alice, have you seen my trans-warp
flux engager?
ALICE: It's in your hand, grandfather.
Lync?
LYNC: Listen up.
I'm getting tired of waiting for you.
DR, MICHAEL: You must be patient.
LYNC: Be patient?
Are you trying to be funny?
Huh?
LYNC: It's been weeks since this rusty pile
of junk broke down.
When are you going to finish fixing it, Gramps?
DR. MICHAEL: I can't breathe, Lync!
ALICE: Let him go, Lync.
I mean it!
LYNC: Okay!
ALICE: Grandfather!
LYNC: [bratty laugh]
ALICE: Bully!
ALICE: I've had enough of you!
If you want to go home so badly why don't you help?
LYNC: In your dreams!
ALICE: How can anyone be so horrible?
DAN: Dinner time!
BARON: I'm starving!
MIYOKO: Please be careful in New Vestroia, Dan.
DAN: I'm always careful.
MIYOKO: I'm serious Dan.
Normally I wouldn't let you run off again.
But it sounds like Drago really needs you.
DRAGO: Thank you, Mrs. Kuso.
MIYOKO: Please take care of my Dan.
DRAGO: Of course.
NEMUS: I look after Baron.
So I might as well watch Dan too.
BARON: Hey!
I don't need a babysitter, Nemus!
BARON: I am not a kid.
I'm almost thirteen, ya know!
WILDA: If you say so.
[amused laughter]
MIYOKO: Mira.
Are you okay?
Why aren't you eating?
MIRA: Oh. Sorry. It's delicious but...
MIYOKO: You're quiet this evening.
Anything wrong?
MIYOKO: Are you worrying about the Bakugan?
NEMUS: Whoa!
Careful Baron.
I don't have a life jacket on!
BARON: Baths are awesome!
Yeh!
BARON: But I guess it's back to light beam showers
for you and me.
DAN: So I've got it all arranged, Alice.
Apollonir can open the gate to New Vestroia
and take us all back tomorrow.
ALICE: Really Dan?
That's great.
DAN: So I was wondering.
Do you want to come along with us?
ALICE: What? You mean it?
DAN: Oh sure.
You gotta be worried about Hydranoid?
Right Alice?
ALICE: I am.
I can't stand the thought of him in danger.
But how am I going to get there?
DAN: That's the easy part.
You still have the Transporter Card, don't you?
So just use that.
ALICE: Oh! Brilliant, Dan!
Okay, I'll see you in the morning then.
DAN: Okay then we're cool!
Meet us tomorrow morning at six at Batoru Tower.
See ya there!
BARON: Hey Master Dan, can I keep these pajama things?
DAN: Yah...
Go for it Baron.
They are totally you.
DRAGO: Everyone is prepared to leave.
DAN: Huh?
DAN: Mira?
DAN: Hey Mira! Who you talking too?
MIRA: Uh. Runo!
I was talking to Runo.
DAN: About what?
MIRA: It's none of your business, Dan!
Just... leave me alone.
DAN: What's with her?
MIRA: Brilliant.
MIRA: I had to do this, Wilda.
WILDA: Sometimes we are faced with impossible choices.
MIRA: Thanks Wilda. My friend.
[soft crying]
WILDA: Don't go away or you'll miss the ride home.
SPECTRA: They can't get rid of me so easily!
SPECTRA: I'd like to send a message to our friend in Russia.
GUS: That can be arranged.
[whimpering]
LYNC: How long am I gonna be stuck on this ice cube?
LYNC: Where did you come from?
LYNC: Spectra!
SPECTRA: I have a deal for you.
Listen up Lync.
LYNC: I'm listening.
SPECTRA: Soon Gus and I will be returning
to New Vestroia.
LYNC: Impossible!
Dr. Do-Nothing still hasn't fixed the Dimension Transporter.
SPECTRA: We have found another way back
and are willing to take you with us.
On one condition.
From now on you will work for me, or you can always
wait for the Transporter to be fixed.
By the time you return New Vestroia will be mine.
And that pathetic prince you're spying for will be gone.
[laughs]
[growls]
JULIE: Runo, didn't I tell you that your dad...
...would be okay with your leaving?
RUNO: Okay?
He cried all through the dinner shift.
JULIE: For him that's good.
JULIE: I know why you can't sleep.
RUNO: Why?
JULIE: Because you've finally got a chance
to show Dan how much you care.
RUNO: Go to sleep.
JULIE: I'm right aren't I?
JULIE: Hey, everybody!
DAN: Hey girls!
RUNO: Ready to go?
DAN: Can't wait.
APOLLONIR: If everyone is here,
we should get started.
DAN: Wait a minute, Apollonir.
We've got one more. Alice is coming too.
RUNO: What? Alice!
JULIE: Really?
DR MICHAEL: Please child.
Promise you'll be careful.
ALICE: I promise, Grandfather.
DR. MICHAEL: Tell Lync you're visiting friends
so he doesn't follow you.
ALICE: I'll miss you, Grandfather.
LYNC: Hello, Alice.
LYNC: I've been thinking.
I should apologize for yesterday.
ALICE: It's all right.
LYNC: No it's not.
I just feel so lost.
ALICE: Yes. Well then.
I'm sorry I lost my temper and slapped you.
LYNC: Apology accepted.
Maybe you knocked some sense into me.
LYNC: I've decided to leave the Vexos.
I don't believe in what they stand for.
LYNC: Alice could you do me a favour?
ALICE: What do you want?
LYNC: Help me speak to Dan.
I some have information for him.
ALICE: No way.
This is one of your tricks.
LYNC: I heard there was a time when no one trusted
you either, Alice.
But where would the Resistance be without your help?
Now I want to help too.
ALICE: Really?
Now I'm not sure what to do.
LYNC: Please Alice.
I've got to talk to Dan right away.
ALICE: Don't cross me...
or else.
LYNC: Thank you, Alice.
ALICE: Then let's go.
ALICE: Better hang on tight, Lync.
ALICE: Are you all in one piece, Lync?
He's gone.
Lync?
LYNC: She's such a noob.
LYNC: She's put her friends in danger
'cause she's too trusting.
[evil giggle]
SPECTRA: Should I assume your answer is yes?
LYNC: Ah, great Spectra.
Thanks for the invite.
You're lucky I've decided to take you up on your offer
but I want rewards.
GUS: You Weasel!
It is an honour for you to serve Master Spectra.
Show some respect or I'll teach it to you.
DAN: Oh snap!
Where is Alice?
She's supposed to be here.
DRAGO: This is strange for Alice.
She's usually more dependable.
APOLLONIR: We shouldn't wait any longer.
I will open the gate.
RUNO: Look! She's here!
JULIE: We almost left without you!
ALICE: [panting]
DAN: You're late, Alice.
We were waiting for you.
ALICE: I'm so sorry.
I brought Lync along with me
but now he's completely disappeared.
BARON: What?
I don't believe you did that!
NEMUS: Lync is a traitor.
NEMUS: If he knows we're here, Spectra won't be far behind.
DAN: Have you completely lost it?
Lync is Vexos.
Vexos can't be trusted.
ALICE: He said he quit.
He said he didn't believe in the Vexos
and had something important to tell you.
DRAGO: Dan.
This has got to be a trap.
DAN: Sure it is.
But we can't let that stop us.
APOLLONIR: If we're going to go, we need to go now.
APOLLONIR: Hurry.
The Gate won't stay open for long.
DAN: Yah! 'K... Let's roll, guys.
GUS: Sorry! You're not going anywhere.
DAN: Gus!
DAN: It's some kind of cage.
DAN: Well, if it isn't the three Vexo-teers.
DAN: Spectra!
ALICE: And Lync.
ALICE: You lied to me!
LYNC: Yeah, what was your first clue, Einstein?
DAN: Look, dweiner.
You better let us out or else we'll...
DAN: Mira? You're free?
MIRA: I'm sorry about this.
BARON: Mira...
JULIE: How could you?
RUNO: Please don't...
DAN: This is wrong.
MIRA: I've no choice.
My place is beside my brother.
SPECTRA: Tomorrow morning at six am.
I hope you will be there, Mira.
SPECTRA: I always knew that deep in your heart,
you were really a Vexos my dear sister.
MIRA: You know this isn't a joke, Keith.
You're my brother.
I just want to be with you.
DAN: Hey Mira!
Who you talking to?
MIRA: Uh... Just Runo!
I was talking to Runo.
DAN: No way.
Spectra is your brother?
DAN: Well even if he is, you know that everything
he's doing is totally whacked!
SPECTRA: Come on Mira.
It's time to go.
DAN: Don't do it, Mira!
DAN: Nooooooo!
DRAGO: Apollonir, keep the gate open!
APOLLONIR: It's too late.
Once I open the gate it closes automatically.
I have no control over it.
DAN: I can't just let them loose in New Vestroia!
[\u266a]
DAN: No!
DAN: I can't believe it.
It doesn't make sense.
Mira betrayed us!
RUNO: Dan?
DRAGO: Dan.
You have to pull yourself together.
New Vestroia is at stake.
BARON: Master Dan, we gotta go after them.
DAN: You're right Apollonir...
Hurry! Open the gate!
We've got to leave... right now!
APOLLONIR: I'm sorry.
I can't do that.
APOLLONIR: I used an extreme amount of power
in that battle with Helios, I just don't have enough
left to open the gate again.
DAN: Now what?
ALICE: Don't worry.
There's still another way.
[\u266a]
ALICE: Lucky for us the Dimensional Transporter
is almost completely repaired.
ALICE: But we needed to keep that quiet so Lync
wouldn't find out.
DAN: What are we waiting for?
Let's do it!
DR. MICHAEL: Well hello everybody.
What's the matter?
Did you miss your gate?
ALICE: Yes, but there's no time to explain Grandfather.
Please we have to hurry!
ALICE: We need your help to get back to New Vestroia.
The Dimensional Transporter is the only way.
DR. MICHAEL: I'm happy to help out.
But you should know there's a problem
with the Transporter.
ALICE: What is it?
DR. MICHAEL: In order to repair the Transporter systems
I made use of Vestal technology.
It was fascinating.
They're a scientifically advanced society
despite their views on the Bakugan.
BARON: Sorry?
You lost me at hello.
DR. MICHAEL: I took Lync's gauntlet without him noticing.
It was worth the risk to get his technology.
DR. MICHAEL: Then I diverted a portion of the
gauntlet's system and installed it into the
Dimension Transporter.
DR. MICHAEL: So now the-Transporter is repaired
but it will only work with those who wear a gauntlet.
JULIE: Then that means...
DAN: That the only ones who can use it will be
Baron and me, right Doc?
DR. MICHAEL: I'm sorry to say you're right, Dan.
RUNO: Oh well then I never really wanted to go
to New Vestroia anyway.
JULIE: Runo...
DAN: Well if that's the way it's gotta be.
Sorry you guys are gonna have to sit this one out again.
DAN: So... Gotta go... Don't forget me.
RUNO: Don't ever come back!
DAN: I'm sorry you're not coming.
Don't worry. I'll be back.
RUNO: Yeah.
DR. MICHAEL: [busy humming] Yes, I see.
Won't be long now, kids.
DR. MICHAEL: Realigning the targeting controls.
DR. MICHAEL: Then calibrate the stabilizers.
And voila!
We're ready to go!
DAN: See ya!
DAN: It's just you and me Baron.
BARON: I won't let you down.
BARON: Master Dan and I aren't exactly
in for a warm welcome back on New Vestroia.
I mean, not only has Mira betrayed us,
but Marucho, Ace and Shun are totally missing in action.
There's no choice!
It's up to me and Master Dan to destroy
the Dimension Controllers ourselves.
I hope I don't let him down!
Don't miss the next heavy weight battle!
Get psyched!
Bakugan Brawl!
Be there, Brawlers.